
## Health Facility Employee Status Tracking System
: Hackathon_McWICS is the annual hackathon run by the McGill Women in Computer Science. 

***The codes posted in Github are part of the whole project done by Suin Kang***


<h4>[ Duration ]</h4>
- Jan 9th, 2023 to April 11th, 2023 (2023 Winter, COMP 353)

<br>
<br>

<h4>[💡Main Tasks We Performed💡]</h4>


- Express the Health Facility Employee Status Tracking System HFESTS in the E/R model (ER-diagram design)

- Conversion from E/R Diagram to Relation (Relational Database)
  
- Normalization & Implemented Functionality (Create/Delete/Edit/Display)
  
- Website for User Interface 

<br>

<h4>[ Technical Skills ]</h4>

- SQL, MySQL Workbench, DBMS, Relational Database, HTML/CSS, PHP, Visual Studio

<br>

<h4>[ My Contribution to Project ]</h4>

- Designed the initial E/R diagram

- Function Dependency Review

- Developed php pages for the user interface 

- Create/Delete/Edit/Display a Vaccines & Vaccinated Tables

- Wrote the quries below

  
> Get details of all the facilities in the system.
Details include facility’s name, address, city,
province, postal-code, phone number, web
address, type, capacity, general manager’s
name and number of employees currently
working for the facility. Results should be
displayed sorted in ascending order by
province, then by city, then by type, then by
number of employees currently working for
the facility.

>Get details of all the doctors who have been
infected by COVID-19 in the past two
weeks. Details include doctor’s first-name,
last-name, date of infection, and the name
of the facility that the doctor is currently
working for. Results should be displayed
sorted in ascending order by the facility
name, then by the first-name of the doctor.

>List the emails generated by a given facility.
The results should be displayed in
ascending order by the date of the emails.

>Create Email Log

<br>


<h4> [ Other Contributors to Original Project]🙋‍</h4>
- Hyun Soo Kim, Sarah Michelle Ang, Sooah Kil 

<br>
<br>





